
Let me start from the beginning.
So there's a naujawan A in a village, he gets a job in the Pakistan air force as airmen, which is grade 15 and goes up to 19 (for reference, officers start from grade 19 up to 23). He marries a woman from his family and has a son named B, he's my older step brother. And that naujawan is my father. B's mother dies of a failed surgery. A remarries and I am born and my younger brother and sister. For some reason, A didn't like my mother from the start. He was like putting up with her because of us and because we were young. It got so bad that divorced her after years of domestic abuse. But after divorcing her we were raised by a single  father. But we were very good off. We were being raised very good. Those are the best years of my childhood I can remember. I was about 10-12 at that time. And my big brother 16-18. We used to my mother almost every Sunday at a park. Keep in mind, my mother was a step mother to my big brother and their relationship was the messiest, she used to abuse him and that's the biggest reason why A divorced my mother. Also, keep in mind that the father is in military so we used to move around the country every 2 years so I have no real friends as well. We were raised by a single father for 2 and a half years. We moved to another city. There, my father married a woman C. C used to abuse me and my younger siblings. We endured her for a year if I remember correctly. When my father caught the wind of that, he divorced her too and remarried my mother just for our sake. She was good at first but of course the discrimination took over and she started badmouthing and abusing my older brother again and my father's hate for my mother grew bad and bad again. Cut to march this year. My father decided to marry again to D and now having 2 wives in the same house. One day it got so bad that my father said me, my mother, my little brother and my little sister to leave the house and find a hostel or an apartment for ourselves because I am a salary man now and I have to care of my side of the family now. That was about 2 months ago from now. We managed to convince him that we will be good and stay in just one portion of the house and the other portion will be theres. That's still going on. My mother is on 1st floor with my little brother and sister and me and in the ground floor is my big brother, my father and D. My mother's mental health is worsening by the day because of being alone and not a day goes by when she says to get a new apartment or something. But I am trying my best to unite the family somehow. I have to endure my mother's words everyday and my big brother has lost interest in the family as well. He's leaving to live somewhere else (that's a story for some other day). So, I basically have no support from anyone.

That's basically how my family is falling apart.


