World is healing from a nuclear fallout. Countries have been disolved into just one mega pangeaa-type continent called the neo-pangeaa. Some countries that were affected the most out of the nuclear war are forgotten and not taken care of anymore by anyone and are called the wastelands. The wastelands is full of unspeakable horrors, mutants, acid rains, nuclear ash, just to name a few. Odds jobs arise in the neo-pangeaa. Long stable jobs are very less is quantities, very demanding and very different in nature from the jobs that were in the old world. Nuclear waste puddles arise everywhere. 


A family of 6. Mother,  father, 3 sons, 1 daughter. Struggling family. Father has a clear bias with two of his children, eldest son and smallest daughter. He says eldest son is supporting the family very well and daughter is his ofc only daughter. Middle two sons are a target of constant verbal abuse but never physical. It was a very good family once very loving and caring but after the financial crisis, every thing was rocked to its core in the family. Family was always living in the nuclear wasteland. The second eldest son is trying his hardest to earn through odd jobs and such but can't please his family's need and his father. The youngest son is just the butt of all the stress. Mother doesn't support all of this bias ofc. But for the sons mother's love is not enough and do everything to please their father. The 2nd son works hard. The youngest cuts all of his expenses and tries not be demanding as much as the daughter. But still not enough. One day father rants on and on about this but it's not enough and he rants more and more but this is normal stuff but this time he says something about kicking out their sons and this pisses them off. The 2nd blurts out of anger and rage, "I'll leave in 2 days and never come back" and he isn't lying. Crying he storms off the house and the mother is like calling out for him to not go because of her love and ofc the nuclear waste puddles. But he runs out anyway and then comes back after 2 or more hours after visiting a special place of the girl he likes. The girl is the daughter of the father's friend. She is very humble and looked after very much. Kind but likes the 2nd's elder brother. So a reason for hate generated there too. After visiting the place he comes back quietly in the night and goes to sleep. A day after, he leaves and never comes back. Saddled with a bag with his hazmat suit and all of the essential he needs to survive the first few nights. His connections through the odd jobs and his experience will help him survive in this nuclear waste of a world. 

The girl that the 2nd likes: wasn't always the one that the 2nd liked. 2nd grew closer to her because of certain situations. The girl missed a wedding a few weeks ago of the 2nd's uncle (from the mother's side). The girl and her father were invited because they were very close friend with the 2nd's father and not to mention very reasonably rich (both fathers were agreed on the fact that the girl and the eldest son would be married in the future). So the father invited the friend and his daughter because everyone was allowed to invite one guest in the wedding. The girl fell ill on that day. Almost all the prominent figures in the wedding recorded a personal message for her on CDs (yes CDs exist) (because the father of the 2nd persuaded them to do so) and almost all of the shots of the wedding. The figures said sone heart charming messages (such as we are missing you in the wedding, you will be missed, etc...) and get well soon messages (Keeping in mind most of the guests don't even know her but some do so most of the messages were fake just to get it over with but some were genuine). The wedding was over with and the task of delivering these CDs and other memorials was assigned to the 2nd (it was originally to the eldest because ofc both the fathers wanted that but he was some where else at that time and alas the task had to be assigned to someone so the girl's father was like why not give it to the logically 2nd most responsible person in the family, the 2nd but ofc he didn't knew the family drama so the father reluctantly handed the task over to the 2nd, the 2nd wasn't happy with the task as well just more useless work over the already piled up work for him). He reluctantly accepted and handed the things over to the girl. He grew closer to her because she was all the things he wanted in a girl, honest, humble and not to mention beautiful. They bonded because it was a vulnerable time for her and she needed someone to talk to at that time (mind you at this period of time, the eldest and the girl already like each other) and there was no one other than the 2nd to talk to about what she was feeling at that time. The thing is that the girl hasn't talked to a lot of people in her life, she has not been allowed by her father because presumably she isn't ready so she is kept most of her life with all of her needs taken care off by her father and that's why she has a personality of an angel. Abd seeing a new face always cheers her up. So she talked about how she really wanted to go to the wedding and how she was finally allowed to go because supposedly she is ready now because she and the eldest already like each other and the eldest will protect her from any supposed harm in their upcoming life. The 2nd listened because he was interested in her life now. He let go of the pressing tasks that were piled up for him because this matter, this curiosity of his was much important. They talked and bonded (this bonding experience is never shared with the girl and the eldest, simply because the eldest just simply doesn't care, he looks for his family and is doing it for the likeness of his father. On the other hand, the girl wants to share a lot with the eldest because his face was one of the first that the girl saw after her father's and that's mostly why she likes him but the eldest always try to change the subject, at first he listened to her stories too but he grew bored of them and prioritized his work over the girl). The 2nd listened because his priorities were different, he prioritized the girl and her stories over his work. So they grew closer to the point that the 2nd started to like her and her stories (among these experiences he visited her special hideaway place as well).


The 2nd left the house after his deadline with all of his belongings, memorials, essentials, survival gear and his experience. He wanted to start a new life. His rage was so much that he forgot about his mother, about his younger brother who will be tormented in the house much more than before now that the 2nd is gone and about the girl, his first love. He went far and away, (this distance would be countries away in the old world) in the span of months. And decided to settle down on a spot.






After this we have [[✒️ Projects/The Atomic 2nd/In Progress/some things I added on my own]] but also [[✒️ Projects/The Atomic 2nd/In Progress/some inconsistentencies]]. 